It's so for you oh going to create the About Us page.
And we've already got the template for that in the boost up design.
So it's going to be pretty straightforward to make.
So go into your text editor create a new page and say This page has page hyphen about.
Doppie HP.
Outguessed art to copy the page news template.
So copy the contents and paste it into the bulk template.
OK.
So we don't need the sidebar of the blog section.
So pretty much deletes everything on this page.
So delete the changizi comment at the top for a template name to be about us.
Then go to the WordPress dashboard.
And then next figure out this template to the page that we created.
So go to the pages and then look for the bar was page and hit at it.
And then we can change the template to the bar was template and then we it at that page.
OK.
So now we can go over to the bookstop site and open up the folder and then open up the above was page
in the text editor.
So shrink that down and then drag about hate mail into the text editor and then we can copy all of the
section.
No copy all of the above was section.
So we don't need the header.
We've already got there.
We don't need the feature section that's done in wordpress.
So copy the above was section all the way down to the close in Section tigg.
So copy it up.
Then go back into the about was page and paste up between the header and footer.
So next would just need to correct the image file puff's.
So I'm going to copy the P HP from the index page.
So just look for a image.
In fact made the front page for that.
So copy the HP file path.
And then go to the About Us page.
So we'll start from the top.
We'll go with the divide image start would slow pace that in and make sure you got the forwards lush
before the images folder.
And then scroll down.
This to all of the rest of the images.
And then hit save and then head over to the ABI was page and see that's work in.
So down to the bottom and need to menu.
The above was section.
So that all appears to be working.
We all need to change the text on the featured image.
And why do I need functions the same way as all the rest to find the feature text on June.
Am going to allow WordPress to pull in the page all in the same way as again with the new template.
So we'll have the site name of tranquil spa and then the next line is going to be the page style.
So if you add this to the same LC statement so copy the page translate to copy is page template and
then the brackets are put in the symbol which is a two pipes and then paste it in.
But this time the page template is for the page hyphen about.
So save that and then refresh the page.
It's that that'll work and we've got the site title and then the page title below.
So that's all finished now with the above it was Page.